update documentation about sorting (#344)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: features_and_tools/restful_api.rst

* Token parameters are sorted only on their code element. The system element is ignored in the sorting.

* Firely Server uses the default collation as configured on the database server. This collation defines the ordering of characters.
 

> * All ``dates`` and ``Periods`` are treated as being a ``Period`` for sorting. When sorting ascending, the ``start`` of the period will be used so sort on, when sorting descending the ``end`` of the period will be used. When sorting on a search parameter that references multiple ``date`` and/or ``Period`` values, the minimum (for ascending) or maximum (for descending) of the combined values will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All elements of type ``date`` and ``Period`` are treated as being a ``Period`` for sorting. When sorting ascending, the ``start`` of the period will be used. Similarly, when sorting descending the ``end`` of the period will be used. When sorting on a search parameter that references multiple ``date`` and/or ``Period`` values, the minimum (for ascending) or maximum (for descending) of the combined values will be used.
```
